Update README.md regarding issues/283 (#314)
apache/pulsar-manager: README.md

The puslar-manager supports multiple environment configurations and can manage multiple environments conveniently. 

> The Service URL represent here the broker service IP, if you are running the standalone version it should be "http://127.0.0.1:8080".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the service URL represents the service IP address of the broker. If you run Pulsar manager in the standalone mode, it should be set to "http://127.0.0.1:8080".
```
